Rephrase to reflect maturation of the project (#21)
pymc-devs/pymc-experimental: README.md

# Welcome to `pymc-experimental`

As PyMC continues to mature and expand its functionality to accomodate more domains of application, we increasingly see cutting-edge methodologies, highly specialized statistical distributions, and complex models appear.
While this adds to the functinoality and relevance of the project, it can also introduce instability and impose a burden on testing and quality control.
To reduce the burden on the main `pymc` repository, this `pymc-experimental` respository can become the aggregator & testing ground for new additions to PyMC.
This may include unusual probability distribitions, advanced model fitting algorithms, or any code that may be inappropriate to include in the `pymc` repository, but may want to be made available to users.

The `pymc-experimental` repository can be understood as the first step in the PyMC development pipeline, where all novel code is introduced until it is obvious that it belongs in the main repository.

> We hope that this improves the stability and streamlines the testing overhead of the `pymc` respository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope that this organization improves the stability and streamlines the testing overhead of the `pymc` repository, while allowing users and developers to test and evaluate cutting-edge methods and not yet fully mature features.
```

### What belongs in `pymc-experimental`?

> - newly-implemented statistical methods, for example diagnostics or step methods

Reviewer: Diagnostics belongs to arviz unless there is a strong reason against it.

Author: ```suggestion
- newly-implemented statistical methods, for example step methods or model construction helpers
```

- distributions that are tricky to sample from or test
- infrequently-used fitting methods or distributions
- any code that requires additional optimization before it can be used in practice

### What does not belong in `pymc-experimental`?
- Case studies

> - Implementations that cannot be applied generically

Reviewer: we may want to clarify this. I guess the idea is that we should support features that agree with "probabilistc programming paradigm", but all methods are restricted in one way or another

Author: ```suggestion
- Implementations that cannot be applied generically, for example because they are tied to variables from a toy example
```

### Should there be more than one add-on repository?

Since there is a lot of code that we may not want in the main repository, does it make sense to have more than one additional repository?

> For exmaple, `pymc-experimental` may just include methods that are not fully developed, tested and trusted, while code that is known to work well and has adequate test coverage could reside in a `pymc-extras` (or similar) repository.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, `pymc-experimental` may just include methods that are not fully developed, tested and trusted, while code that is known to work well and has adequate test coverage, but is still too specialized to become part of `pymc` could reside in a `pymc-extras` (or similar) repository.
```
